it's lawsuit time  everybody's your friend until it's  lawsuit time  2022  and it's lawsuit time  yours and mine  won't you be my friend  in the coldest season of all  when it's lawsuit time  [Laughter]  just today i was  in court  via zoom conference call i was i put on  my my suit with no tie i thought about  it i thought of wearing a tie i wore the  yellow shirt intentionally for cultural  reasons in thailand got already and i  sat here on camera for about an hour and  a half  and you know they didn't talk to me they  talked to my lawyer so my lawyer or my  team of lawyers were in court  and the judge said i think predictably  enough this is a very serious matter  this is a criminal case  and we cannot  you know have his testimony via internet  communication he has to come here in  person  so  in early  march  i'm going to have to fly to thailand i'm  going to have to return to chiang mai  and i'm going to have to do a fundraiser  i'm going to have to ask for donations  and if donations don't do it i don't  know what are we going to sell t-shirts  cakes  collectible hats something we're going  to come up with some merchandising uh  opportunity here uh to try to raise  money to send me back to chiang mai  thailand to once again have my dan cord  and if a flight halfway around the world  doesn't sound expensive and onerous  enough for you  i'm gonna have to be in quarantine so  i'm gonna have to arrive some number of  days before  uh i take the stand before i address the  judge  and before this long delayed  court case  can't proceed now just in the last  couple of days after years of silence  i suddenly got a flurry of emails and a  flurry of information and that included  a legal document that i've already  shared on patreon for my patreon  followers so i'm going to read this to  you now despite the fact that's written  in broken english and indeed i'm going  to lean into it i'm going to revel in  the broken english because now for the  first time we know precisely what the  argument was and is that my lawyer  presented the court  this is translated from tai into english  thus  the grammar and syntax is not perfect  but um  portions of it are translated first from  english into thai and then back from  time to english so even if you already  know this story if you remember this  from years gone by  uh in some ways this will seem brand new  but i was really happy to receive this  document again it's not written with any  great literary quality but i was always  worried because i hadn't seen this  before had my lawyer  exaggerated or overstated the case or  had he understated the case and probably  because  the legal team it's not just one lawyer  it's a whole bunch of lawyers but  probably because they were able to work  from youtube videos to begin with like  they had the evidence right in front of  them it's it's very accurate so i'm  really pleased what i see here  so uh i'm omitting anything with a  person's telephone number id card number  there are  as is common in legal documents there  are things here that i have to leave out  but you do get the meat you get the subs  you get the meat of the document  if you don't mind my say during the date  june 3rd 2556 this is the thai calendar  in case you're unfamiliar the date and  time are not clear continuously to the  date of this lawsuit submitted into the  court this defendant dares to commit  offenses against the law in different  occasions for example the defendant  dared to defame and wrongly accuse the  plaintiff by writing articles and put  the videos which is to export data into  computer system online facebook through  the account of the defendant who use the  name durianrider for the general public  to view  via tumblr network via youtube and  blogspot with the intention to cause  defamation to the plaintiff  being insult and hatred and the  defendant remarked that quote that  person had approached several teenage  girls in their groups and lured them  close quote and the remarks quote the 37  years old man oh  oh the bygone days when i was 37. my my  misspent youth of 37 back in the year  2556 when i was 37. oh those those days  are gone  quote the 37 years old man back when i  was sowing my wild oats what can i tell  you  newly divorced  quote the 37 years old man tried to  bring adolescent girls to his apartment  and hide them under the fake names and  no doubt about his intention close quote  detail is appeared at the translated  document at the annex of the lawsuit  mark iii and also with the paragraphs  which said that quote the fake veggies  have the aims to prey on the girls who  wish to be famous close quote so those  of you who are familiar with the  original english you may remember  exactly what he said but obviously he's  talking about fake vegans and again this  has been through several stages of  translation i nevertheless think it  takes on its own distinctive  charm it is appeared at the translated  document of the appendix in the lawsuit  mark iv  later the plaintiff had sent a message  to warn the defendant that quote you are  threatening to use violence with me  close quote what you said is untrue and  you realize that quote the accusation  dealing with the crime close quote that  you accused me is false but the  defendant responded that quote isil you  are trying to contact with adolescent  girls through the internet and tried to  lure them into your apartment in chiang  mai and there are also  the wordings in internet accusing the  plaintiff as follow quote three what  evidence that i have to tell you  that you are a pedophile  yes not have lacking of fingerprint from  canadian police close quote detail is  appeared at the translated document in  the appendix of the lawsuit mark 6  which also have the paragraph from  listening i agree with you but i think  that the best method to deal with the  person who is waiting to pray for the  victims like this  it needs to use the violence way there  are also articles on question and answer  without the name of questioner who  inquired that quote pardon for the  bastard whose abbreviated name is e m  all of what he does is a bloodthirsty  vampire producing a nasty 20-minute  length video to criticize others without  any conclusion or solution on the  problems boasting that he himself is the  best class  i mean you know  you you realize you realize the  intellectual caliber of my critics here  i i can appreciate i can appreciate  criticism when it's direction finally i  continue quote  but  but nobody  oh the lost my lost youth back when i  was 37 years old what a wasted  opportunity we continue  but nobody is  nobody is interested in his fishy smell  politics  the tragedy of my middle aged life  let us praise the remarks of those who  criticize and do not want anyone to be  led by his youtube as they are all [ __ ]  storied  so this is uh you know you can imagine  how difficult it is to translate the  australian vernacular this is an  australian accent being translated into  thai and then from tie back into english  quote i do not want to see the physical  violence but understand  you who want to try to maintain your  community  but let us be safe  the mentioned man is like a pedophile he  prefers to enter and harm those who are  weak it is like a person that has a  lunch and then walked out from the kfc  shop close quote  you know so many things are like walking  in and out of kfc i can remember when he  elaborated these claims into saying that  the money i'd collected as donations to  pay the lawyers which by the way i i did  have an invoice for i've had receipts  showing exactly what happened that money  it was real simple because one  transaction  wasn't like the money was spent on 10  different things  um  i remember he kept claiming that i had  spent all of the money on kentucky fried  chicken and prostitutes  it's like we've got to act this out as a  sketch i've got to go up to the kfc  gotta go to contact which you can buy  like 10 empty containers and walk out  with these wobbling containers film  myself walking into a brothel with this  huge stack of kentucky fried chicken but  alas sweet we never did it we did end up  living around the corner from a kentucky  fried chicken when we were in uh dilhong  china so the thought crossed my mind  many times there's a kfc right down down  there and where i was living in china as  as fortune would have it so it was a  joke we never did uh we never did  attempt all right  um  detail is at the translated document at  the appendix of the lawsuit mark 8.  aside from this the defendant had  produced computer media the youtube to  defame the plaintiff  by insulting that quote not receive  education playing violent game the  plaintiff is not a poverty-stricken  person but pretending to be a vagrant  having no sufficient income for food as  a matter of fact he is a son of a  millionaire who has multi-million dollar  enterprises he had abandoned his wife  and kid to look for teenage girls  scolding the plaintiff for 13 minutes  and 29 seconds so this is one of the  many youtube videos that's been entered  into evidence in the court case the  plaintiff took all the english words  from youtube to translate into tai  uh  detail is appeared at the translated  document the appendix of the lawsuit  mark 9. the defendant has propagated  such information to the general public  who are able to see and access the data  that the defendant exported to the  computer system which spreading in  social online with such defamation  twisting the fact and said that the  plaintiff has low moral behavior  sexual promiscuity prefer to have sex  with underage girls a shameless person  uh just pause guys i am smiling and  laughing at this  but of course this has had tremendously  serious consequence in my life every  single time i apply for a job a serious  consequence life i think in the future  when i try to apply for new jobs it will  have serious concerns in my life  when i talk to book publishers  so i'm trying to publish a book i've  written a book i'm actually i'm trying  to publish more than one book i've  written one book for adults about  politics i've also written children's  story books  that i presume you know illustrated and  published in that format for children  well  one positive thing in my favor as an  author is to say hey look more than five  million people have watched my videos on  youtube more than 10 000 subscribers  have a certain level of you know  interest and impetus behind what i'm  doing here so that's a positive thing  for a publisher or anyone working with  me but then as soon as they google my  name a lot of what they find is this  sort of negativity you know the the  knock-on consequences of the defamation  campaign durianrider carried out against  me both during writer and freely were  involved um at a time when they had an  audience of at least many hundreds of  thousands of people if not millions of  people  heard this story to really have an  estimate how many because you can you  can find one video that's more than 100  000 views and there were many videos  with many hundreds of thousands of views  so really how big the audience was that  was impacted by this but yes i still do  deal with ripples uh to this day and the  hatred against me within this apartment  building the building we have rented an  apartment in and the recycling of  exactly these allegations this  defamation so i've heard it from people  who live here and like they know me face  to face they've seen me in the hallway  or see him at the gym or something i  have to deal with that vilification i  have to deal with that kind which is  it's really nasty it's really mean and  sure you know in more anonymous contacts  like being on reddit  doing a q a on any internet forum yes  this still comes up so it still has  really serious consequences for me for  the rest of my life now currently i am  not a university student i'm not on  campus at the university but you can  imagine both in my relations with the  professors and my relations with other  students precisely these defamatory  claims and again their echoes and  knock-on effects and other people who  picked them up and carried them and  recycled them yes this i look life is  long uh will this have serious  consequences for the rest of my life i  can tell you it's had serious  consequences every year and every day  since it happened uh so you know will it  have serious consequences for the next  five years the next 10 years in all  likelihood yes  and you know i just say some of these  things people say to me directly people  on the internet they feel very free to  tell me what a terrible person they  think i am i have a foot down here not  everyone's an idiot i mean it's  reassuring to see that not everyone's an  idiot but boy you cannot underestimate  the stupidity and malice of the average  member of the public and i have to deal  with it on the internet all the time and  you have situations like i described  here my face-to-face interactions with  people who actually live in the same  apartment building as myself okay so  sometimes people get in your face and  let you know  but  the vast majority remain silent they are  just jobs that you apply for and you  never hear back from they may be  university opportunities you know  opportunities to study languages the  opportunity to get a master's degree or  phd and you just never hear back there's  just a chill there's just a silence  you're just not on the short list or  you're eliminated from the short list  whatever it is  and no one is going to take the time to  explain to you  what their prejudice was against you oh  right and  lest we forget  i still have ongoing  uh court disputes with my ex-wife over  custody of my daughter so i'm divorced  before the divorce was in the  legal ongoing process just to get  divorced and then apart from in addition  to divorce you have court proceedings  about  custody or daughter well yes reading the  court documents i can say i i believe  that the the last judge i dealt with in  france not the judge here in canada  it was influenced by what they found  when they googled my name let's let's  put it that way these kinds of things so  yeah it has negative impacts on my life  and frankly it may really be one of the  reasons it could for all i know it could  be the main reason why i haven't seen my  daughter in so many years i i know i  would guess that it's only a  contributing reason i wouldn't assume  that but the judge won't explain it to  you the judge is going to say let me  break down my hostility toward  let me explain to you why i'm prejudiced  against you in this game the judge isn't  going to do that so it's not really the  case  that the damage is done in the past  tense there is ongoing damage it's an  ongoing problem um and whether or not it  can be repaired it has not been repaired  so yeah this casts a dark shadow over my  life and i don't want to be too  grandiose guys  but if you really think about it this  also continues to cast a dark shadow  over the whole vegan movement  which is what i warned you would happen  i warned again and again on the internet  i said look this is a good idea and a  good cause and it could be a good  movement  but you have bad leaders you have  leadership that's discrediting the  movement and it's taking the name of  veganism and dragging it through the mud  and there'd been a whole series of  conflicts before me that was the reason  why i started this court case i said  look i'm not the first but i'm gonna be  the last okay i came to end it  [Laughter]  and end it i did and uh you tell me when  i go back to chiang mai just a few  months from now click on the link in the  description donate to my friend right  there when i go back to my do you think  there's going to be some kind of  bustling active vegan activist scene for  me to be a part of there's gonna be a  whole bunch of people i can meet up with  i think we can ride up to the top of  doing depth together you know what do  you think that whole scene was destroyed  and you know it wasn't destroyed by me  it was destroyed by the egregious  immoral misconduct of the leaders of the  vegan movement including durianrider  including freely and you know they were  linked to in a very direct and powerful  way people like paul beshear  paul bashir started his whole operation  in case you didn't know in chiang mai  thailand it started as a collab with  durianrider and jigma italian so these  things are all connected and the  situation that the vegan movement is in  today  very much a set of unintended  consequences falling after the disasters  plural of the year 2016. and yeah i  think it's fair to say also a movement  that was a somewhat silly  fae optimistic  well-intentioned movement  it lost its innocence  you know it became something really dark  and vengeful and mean-spirited in a way  that it didn't have to be and yeah you  know durianrider and freely but  especially durianrider you know they  they really do bear uh the moral  responsibility of that they are culpable  for just how dark and hopeless and  directionless and aimless  veganism has become now  who who are we going to point to as a  better alternative is a better leader  for the future of the vegan movement  james aspie  wrong answer  aaron janus  wrong answer  talent is scarce homie talent is scarce  and if you can't appreciate it and if  you can't encourage it and if you can't  recruit it and if you can't create it  you ain't gonna have no talent at all  and then you ain't gonna have no  leadership at all and then you ain't  gonna have no movement at all  and that's exactly what we've got all  right  so uh wrapping up this uh  legal document here  um  with such defamation twisting the fact  and said that the plaintiff has low  moral behavior sexual promiscuity by the  way anyone who was following my channel  at that time knew exactly every detail  of my sex life i was just i was talking  about what i was doing in my life on  youtube  that was the other big joke was that  there was nothing mysterious about me or  what was going on in my quote-unquote  life at that time um but yeah this also  you have how are you ever going to live  down this mythos that people have  created for you that you've had a huge  number of sexual partners since your  divorce  um  that he prefers to have sex underage  girls that he's a shameless person is  the defamation of the third party by  advertises and imports such data to the  computer system with the data that is  able to access by the public with the  intention to cause the plaintiff to be  defamed insult and severe hatred and  that is fair to say it has resulted in  severe hatred against me for many years  now and there is no end in sight to that  severe hatred in the whole world who has  earned more hatred than durianrider  himself  but as much as you you and you in the  audience might hate durianrider don't  ever do to him what he did to me  if you are going to lead a political  movement  don't lead political movement  on the basis of  lies  if you want a crusade for truth and  justice and morality don't do it on the  basis of of lies whatever you've got to  say about durianrider you know keep it  100 honest not even 90 90 is not good  enough you know and i'd say that about  anything on the internet if you come on  the internet and you're mad at your  ex-boyfriend you're mad at your  ex-girlfriend your attitude you're mad  at your ex-wife you're mad at your own  parents you know what this is not you  sitting alone talking with your best  friend this is not you sitting alone  talking with your therapist you have a  commitment to the truth if you are going  to make a public statement on the record  and those public statements they are  going to impact you for the rest of your  life they're going to impact the other  person the rest of life and however many  thousands or however many million people  seeing here that on the internet it is  going to impact all of them for the rest  of their lives so guys i hope you will  support me in this latest unexpected  fundraiser i was just i just found out  about this a few minutes ago and came on  camera to record this video  there is bad news and there is good news  but the good news is you know what  not everybody is an idiot not everybody  is mean-spirited and the last time we  went through this the last time we had  this fundraiser in this rally and cry it  was a moment for every person in the  vegan movement and every person even  just positively concerned with the  future of ecology with the future of  animal rights it was an opportunity to  stand up and do the right thing just  because of the right thing to do and  then you get to look around  you say oh  who else is standing up like if you live  in los angeles who else is standing who  else cares about this matter who else  wants the future of the vegan movement  to really fundamentally be something  better than its past all right and my  answer is  it's you  that's what you want  and now i'm asking you in 2022  what are you willing to do  to get it because me  i'm going to court see you in chiang mai  [Music]  so  [Music]  guys  we're not all idiots  we can change the future of the movement  and we can change it for the better  in an era when politics is increasingly  led by whoever manages to make a  platform for themselves on social media  we may be led  by the prettiest and the vanesst by  those of us who are the most  unscrupulous  in the pursuit of popularity and fame it  may seem  like there are only idiots among us but  we're not all idiots  and i wish i could say to you that we  can make veganism great again  but the truth is the challenge before us  is just to make veganism into a great  movement for the very first time but you  remember you remember the hope and  optimism of say  2015. do you remember when there were  conferences when there were events when  you could try to meet vegans face to  face and there's that glimmer of hope  that you're gonna get something  organized that's gonna meet somebody  with some common ground and some  ambition  to change your own life and eventually  change the world well guys we can have  that again  veganism can be something great  for the environment for the future for  the ethics for the animals  and for the first time  i'm gonna be in chiang mai thailand on  may 11th to have my day in court  i'd appreciate it if you click on the  link in the description this video  and you know what if you want to start  saving up the money you can meet me in  thailand too  and we can make chiang mai once again  the crossroads where vegans who have  positive ambitions positive aspirations  to lead the movement and make the world  a better place  where they can meet each other face to  face  share ideas  and dream  of a world where the millions of animals  suffering and dying in slaughterhouses  every day  simply  do not exist dream  of a world  where thousands of slaughterhouses are  shut down  because  people are no longer willing to have  animals raised in captivity and tortured  to death  for their amusement